# Infrastructure Team Meeting 2023-07-19

## Attendees

- James Seden Smith
- Karina Kwiatek
- Peter Law


## Topics

### More volunteers

  - This team is pretty small now, some more volunteers would be good?
  - Let’s put together a spec/list of experience/skills and share with the Marketing team so that they can market to some potential volunteers

### SimplePoll in Slack is a bit limited

  - Let’s try out Polly instead

### CRM tooling investigation

  - James handed this over to Andy BS
  - Andy has posted in #ancillary-software and collected some requirements: <https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/C2XEPED0D/p1686003286991619>, [CRM requirements](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZZbvZNW8HXsD31LIRQCrNAdf5NKDbqr8_cV7IU5ckj8/edit).

### Docs tooling investigation

  - No update

### Budget

  - We’re going to need a new budget for the upcoming year. We should prepare that.

### Mythic Beasts audit:

  - SRComp machine

    - We need to remove the links to the comp pages from the homepage
    - Then turn off the machine
    - (this isn’t quite infra, but we’re most likely to notice)

  - Kit Team build pis

    - (also not quite infra)
    - Let’s check with the kit team on whether they need these Pis any more
    - Kit Committee confirmed these should be removed: <https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/C02BXUAK33M/p1689791929955389>
    - These were cancelled in Mythic

  - Also check for any other machines which appear unused

### Input into the 2022 Annual Report

  - We had no infrastructure incidents
  - We’ve worked towards further improving the security of SR’s systems

### Multi-Factor Authentication

  - We have asked all teams’ committee members to enable multi-factor authentication (MFA) on their GitHub, Google & Slack accounts.

  - We should work with the competition team to ensure that MFA is present for blueshirts on our competitor discord.
  - We should ensure that everyone with access to Mythic Beasts has this enabled

### Meeting time

  - Please everyone see the poll/thread in Slack about changing our meeting slot
  - <https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/C02BXUAK33M/p1689713047036419>

### SRAWN

  - The marketing team would like to bring it back

  - Can we make it easier to prepare the post for sending?

    - James is interested in making a GitHub Action which will prepare the post from the comments on the issue

  - Can we make it easier to remember to send the email from the new update?

    - Maybe we can have something send the email from the RSS feed?

      - <https://feedrabbit.com/> looks interesting

### Admin access to things

  - Jake is no longer an infrastructure committee member, however currently has admin access to a bunch of stuff
  - Removing him creates a potential bus factor, so probably leave this for now
  - Review this next meeting

## Action Points

- Peter: put together a job advert and share with the marketing team ([#27](https://github.com/srobo/infrastructure-team-minutes/issues/27))
- Peter: prepare a budget for 2023/24 ([#28](https://github.com/srobo/infrastructure-team-minutes/issues/28))
- James: remove comp pages links from the website ([#29](https://github.com/srobo/infrastructure-team-minutes/issues/29))
- James: delete the SRComp machine ([#30](https://github.com/srobo/infrastructure-team-minutes/issues/30))
- Karina: reach out to the kit team about their build pis (happened in meeting)
- Peter: audit Mythic for any other machines ([#31](https://github.com/srobo/infrastructure-team-minutes/issues/31))
- Peter: audit Mythic Beasts user accounts for MFA ([#32](https://github.com/srobo/infrastructure-team-minutes/issues/32))
- Peter: submit Infra stuff to the 2022 annual report ([#33](https://github.com/srobo/infrastructure-team-minutes/issues/33))
- James: reach out to the competition team about competitor Discord MFA ([#34](https://github.com/srobo/infrastructure-team-minutes/issues/34))
- James: GitHub Action to prepare SRAWN posts from the collection issues ([#35](https://github.com/srobo/infrastructure-team-minutes/issues/35))
- James: investigate RSS -> email tools for SRAWN ([#36](https://github.com/srobo/infrastructure-team-minutes/issues/36))
