# Infrastructure Team Meeting 2023-09-18

## Present

- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Jake Howard
- James Seden Smith
- Lewis Desforges
- Peter Law

## Topics

### We have some new volunteers

- Welcome!

### CRM tooling investigation update

- Andy made a criteria doc [CRM requirements](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZZbvZNW8HXsD31LIRQCrNAdf5NKDbqr8_cV7IU5ckj8/edit?usp=sharing) and a [spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1zKZVJs1_vXQxNMcdKX0z9pXMhBKE6iQ4jIyBKTwqNFc/edit#gid=0)

- No significant progress since the update in Slack (<https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/C2XEPED0D/p1686003286991619>)

- Andy had signed up to five possible services, turns out that they send a lot of onboarding emails

- Only one of these looks like it would actually provide all the features we want – Hubspot

- Andy hasn’t yet contacted them about pricing; we _might_ be able to use their free tier

- The most common limitation is that the CRMs don’t offer ticketing – they assume you have e.g: Zendesk for that

- Have we considered a gmail account or a shared inbox on a Google Group?

  - Sounds like not yet; we should explore if this is enough

- Next steps:

  - Explore more options

    - Maybe also approach looking for ticketing solutions (i.e: things like Zendesk) and see if they support emailing groups/etc.
    - Also gmail, “Shared Inbox” mode of Google Groups

  - Contact Hubspot about pricing

- What are the timelines on rollout?

  - Unclear, far away as yet.

- Should we budget for hosting?

  - Too late for this now; we can revisit with the trustees if/when we have more info

### Docs tooling investigation update

- Jake has looked into a bunch of offerings

- Need to crystalise the requirements into one place

- Hard to find a platform which supports both WYSIWYG as well as plaintext (e.g: markdown) editing

  - Gitbook & MediaWiki can do this though 

- Frontrunner is gitbook, unclear how it interacts with a pre-publish review process

- github.dev might be useful as an interim solution for the runbook, if we make the edit links point at that rather than github.com pages

- Next steps:

  - Formalise the requirements, put together a spreadsheet like Andy has for the CRMs

- What are the timelines on rollout?

  - Likely after SR2024 is complete

- Should we budget for hosting?

  - n/a given timelines

### Email deliverability

- We’ve heard anecdotal that our emails aren’t arriving to teams; haven’t heard much recently
- We think we have SPF & DKIM, maybe DMARC?
- Might be good to get a fresh look at this
- <https://emailsecuritycheck.service.ncsc.gov.uk/results?domain=studentrobotics.org> shows some things which we could turn on
- Jake’s had good experiences using <https://www.mail-tester.com/> for testing
- We don’t think we have capacity to do much about this for the moment
