# Infrastructure Team Meeting 2024-06-16

## Present

- Andy Barrett-Sprot
- Peter Law

### Apologies

- Jake Howard

## Topics

### CRM

- Andy has put together a comparison sheet at [CRM decisions](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1zKZVJs1_vXQxNMcdKX0z9pXMhBKE6iQ4jIyBKTwqNFc/edit#gid=0)
- Hubspot seems like the best offering
- Need to confirm it has everything that we need

**Questions:**

- Can a tool help us both with teams during the year and with contacts outside of the SR year?
- How would we model SR years and the interaction with custom properties? I.e: “dropped out” needs to be specific to the year, though really almost all of the properties we have are specific to the year (even e.g: teacher). Do we thus model each team as being only for a specific year? (e.g: “SR2024 HRS”, “SR2023 HRS”, etc.)
  - From some testing today, we think that modelling this as year-specific team entities is probably better
- Is this tool going to replace our spreadsheets, or complement them? If replace, what does this mean for tasks such as filtering/querying by properties, adding comments to properties (e.g: we’d add comments to cells in the spreadsheets).

**Summary:**

- Feel we’re probably at a place where we need to just pick what looks like the best and try it for a year. It should be easy enough to try something else for the following SR year anyway.
- We’re not sold on Hubspot being substantially better than our spreadsheets right now. Wondering if we can get more value from a good tickets tool alongside the spreadsheets.
- We think we might also be able to improve the spreadsheets with a bit more docs/pre-built bits, e.g: around the mail-merging, so that that’s easier to do.
- Maybe even a refreshed variant of [fritter](https://github.com/PeterJCLaw/fritter) which runs in GitHub Actions, using the protected environments concept to block access to the relevant workflows and secrets (TODO: check that secrets can be tied to environments) so that anyone can compose an email but we still limit who can send emails to trusted users. This would then be able to be connected up to the spreadsheet for the year to query for the contact details, exactly how this works could be the interesting part though.

**Next steps:**

- Look at a ticketing only system, Andy owning this
