# Infrastructure Team Meeting 2024-01-15

## Present

- Jake Howard
- Karina Kwiatek
- Peter Law
- James Seden Smith

## Topics

### CRM update?

No update

### Docs platform update

- Currently exploring gitbook. It’s paid and used for the ops manual, has a discount for open source but unclear as yet exactly what the cost would be.
- There’s [a document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XDHtAAAwQBIGYSBLEzp0qVxbbliSEhfS0UsVJDI76Ro/edit?usp=sharing) with high-level requirements for what a docs platform should contain
- Likely wouldn’t want to migrate during the SR year, but feels like it should be achievable to have this ready before the next SR year (i.e: before SR2025)
- Should be time after SR2024 to get up a preview & get feedback from volunteers.
- Miiiight be possible (if we like gitbook enough to get that far) to run both gitbook and the current site in parallel for a while.
- Don’t think that others helping out would immediately be useful at this stage.

### Email update

- No update on the security side – as previously discussed, all still in testing modes
- Have been keeping half an eye on the reports, nothing to note there
- Have collected in a list of which addresses are being used by teams, no plan to do anything with that beyond keeping it as a shared reference.

Semi related: Google workspace offers shared access to real accounts. This feels like it could be really useful for the teams@ account which the competition team use for team comms. It would mean that it’d be much more possible to limit access to the (potentially sensitive) incoming emails as well as maybe going some way towards some of the issues we’re hoping a CRM would solve – as all the emails would actually be in that one account rather than not being visible anywhere.

- Unclear how this would interact with e.g: notifications for new emails arriving

### Teams Status (v2)

_for information_.

- Marketing team are exploring building a part of the website where teams can post things about themselves. This would need to be hosted somewhere. The competitor services box might be a suitable place, however that’s rebuilt from scratch each year and the marketing team would like to have a full history of teams info. That’s still doable though would mean persisting the data somehow.

- The code-submitter and/or Wagtail CMS might be interesting places for them to start.

### Planning for 2024 activities

- Framing questions:

  - What is useful for the organisation?

  - Are the things we’re working on sufficiently interesting for us?

- Do we want to pick anything up or pause/stop anything we’re currently doing? Given that currently all the volunteers present are also members of at least one other SR team, doing less here might be beneficial to allow them to do more elsewhere (or just do less overall and maybe be less stressed).

  - The reality is often that what we find we want to work on isn’t what gets planned anyway, so we need to account for that.

- We do want to keep progress on the things we have in flight, ideally making some progress on them this year. We don’t have any specific ideas for concrete goals.

### Various size images for the website

- https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues/1235 offers one approach
- <https://github.com/PeterJCLaw/validate-generated-files> might offer another – committing resized images into the repo in a reproducible way
- Also, now that we’re building the website for Pages ourselves we have more freedom in terms of including build steps

## Action Points

- Peter: poll for a different timeslot given that we’ve had a few meetings recently with low/no attendance
