# Infrastructure Team Meeting 2024-02-19

## Present

- Jake Howard
- Karina Kwiatek
- Peter Law

## Topics

### Outstanding issues

- RSS -> email for SRAWN feels low priority

- Polling for a new time and making a job advert feel like JFDIs which are still valuable, especially given that all the active members of this team are also on committees/otherwise deeply involved with other SR teams.

### Ad hoc topics

#### Google passkey logins

- Peter has requested access to authz requirements from Scarzy, no response yet. Peter to chase.

- We have broad agreement we should turn this on so people can use it for our Google Workspace accounts.

#### Infrastructure testing

Context: there was a bug in the deployment of the Code Submitter due to how nginx passes through paths. This was discovered only after a team reported it.

- The change went live in July 2023. At the time considerable testing was done around the change itself, to ensure that the related services would be available correctly, however deeper functionality for each was not validated.

- We don’t currently have testing for anything in our ansible setup. Would be great to add some.

- Having something like [srcomp-puppet’s check-pages.py](https://github.com/PeterJCLaw/srcomp-puppet/blob/main/scripts/check-pages.py) would be great, however wouldn’t have caught this issue as it was specific to pages other than the root url for the service.

- Monitoring on a separate (non-root) url might have caught this, however again it would have had to be on a non-root url.

- Let’s add a trivial endpoint for health-check-ish stuff and add a script to ansible which checks it. Once we have something in place for one service, adding more will be considerably easier.

#### Monitoring

- (follow-on from the above discussion)

- Should we have monitoring? It miiight have helped with the above issue.

- We do have monitoring through Mythic, however it’s not set up to check the code-submitter. This has the benefit that Mythic’s people respond to it. Likely better not to include things on it which we’re likely to turn off from time to time and/or where errors are likely to be us messing up rather than the system itself falling over.

- [UptimeRobot](https://uptimerobot.com/) is a popular free option here.

- **Conclusion**: don’t feel we need anything new here for now. Let’s stick with what we have plus the check script described above.

#### Docs platform update

- GitBook

  - Less happy now than previously. The UI Is a bit clunky. The git side works ok, but the web interface is a bit crap. Review is very heavy (more so than GitHub PRs).

- WikiJS

  - Exploring this currently. Have imported the current runbook, seems to work ok.

  - Has a markdown-with-preview editor (has buttons for formatting stuff) and a rich text editor; the latter is missing features which the markdown editor has.

    - These are then pushed to the repo, so it would need an auth token. _Presumably_ it uses the authenticated user (on its side) as the author.

  - Supports git push workflows with repo polling.

  - No built-in support for reviews; would need to do that with GitHub

  - Do we want to spin up some demos in Mythic? We have budget for this. Perhaps not yet.

  - Various SSO integrations

  - This is feeling like a front-runner currently.

#### CRM platform update

- (from Slack) Alistair had a chat with some of the CiviCRM folks at FOSDEM. It might be a fit for us when we do come to adding a CRM, but they confirmed what he already suspected — what we actually need right now isn’t really a CRM and is a ticketing system.

- Still like the idea of converting teams@ into a real account with delegated access

#### Emails update

- We’ve hit the limit on email sending with EasyDMARC for this month, so Peter is exploring other free providers which might have higher free limits. Have signed up for (free) ValiMail.

## Action Points

- Peter: Create a health-check endpoint in the code-submitter
- Peter: Create a script in our ansible repo to check the code-submitter’s health-check endpoint (plus any other obvious things)
