# Infrastructure Team Meeting 2022-05-18

## Attendees

- Jake Howard
- James Seden Smith
- Peter Law
- Tyler Ward

## Agenda

### Retro

- Relations with other teams could be better; how can we improve this?

  - Reach out to those where we know it’s not great, say we’re aware of some issues but would like their input, ask for suggestions on how we can improve. James to draft something; probably committee to send

- Feels like little progress

  - Perhaps true when compared to other teams, though there’s not a lot more that we’d hoped to have done yet haven’t achieved
  - We’ve also done a lot of things for other teams, as a result of us as volunteers being embedded there. Are other teams reliant on that? Is that embedding something we want to expect as a strategy? It could be, though might need some careful handling.

- Clear focus

  - From the perspective of having a banner to do things that might have happened anyway this was good
  - However we still lack clarity on the outside about what our remit is – do we need to do some internal advertising?

### Brainstorm Ideas

- Jake

  - Generic application host
  - Clarify ownership of inventory
  - Migrate DNS to mythicbeasts
  - Close DO account
  - Legacy repository migration

- James

  - Self service hosting model for teams

- Peter

  - Make it easy for teams to get stuff done

    - clarify external perspective on what the team does
    - progress (the runbook) as a platform
    - improve dev UX for common repos

- Tyler

  - Improve internal communication e.g. announce meetings before they happen, say what we are doing
  - add mythic beasts management to servers
  - add support for hosting other services e.g. wiki or future inventory ect

## Action Points

- James to draft an email to other teams inviting input on how we can improve
- Committee to review the brainstorm & plan for the coming 6 months or so
