# Infrastructure Team Meeting 2022-01-19

## Present

- Jake Howard
- James Seden Smith
- Karina Kwiatek
- Peter Law
- Tyler Ward
- Will Barber

## Topics

### How to store server config

- See also https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/C02BXUAK33M/p1639252835020400?thread_ts=1639242646.011600&cid=C02BXUAK33M

- The kit team have 2 servers, provisioned by a single Ansible repo

  - We should try and get this moved to the srobo org

- We probably don’t want to put everything into a single repo, as it could cause issues with shared access to things like

  - Eg different teams have different secrets, which don’t need sharing
  - We can define a base role, and publish it to something like Ansible Galaxy for downstream use
  - Teams can define their own repos, and structure / manage as needed
  - Multiple repos, or one mono repo?

- Compose in ansible repo?

  - Either have ansible provision the compose files directly, or have ansible just throw a “repo” of compose files
  - Probably wants playing with to see which works best for our needs

- Fewer repos is better

- We probably don’t want the compose inside the service repo, for separation.

- Ansible should only be run on CI

  - We can experiment
  - Validate on CI, deploy locally?

  - Let’s take this to a Slack discussion, then start experimenting

### Infra Team expectations

- See also https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/C02BXUAK33M/p1639241512008200
- Peter’d like to have a brief discussion about how to frame this, then write an email in the Doing
- Need to be careful about framing as SLA since that has implications on how it’s interpreted
- Mythic Beasts’ managed services is also something to consider here

### Mechanisms for auto-deployment

- This turns out to be quite hard
- Feels like we maybe need to start trying some things

### Meeting cadence

- These meetings feel infrequent

- This was by design, to keep this slot as a meeting

- Should we put Doings in the intervening weeks? Yes.

  - But maybe not this slot given the timing of the competition team meeting (or maybe on the weeks they’re not meeting)
  - Peter to do a Doodle poll for this.

### How can we get going?

- Let’s setup experimental.studentrobotics.org and use that as a testbed
- Would let us see what works and get something going before we have all the automation in place (which might turn out to be less necessary than we thought)

## Action Points

- Work out how to structure our ansible configs
- Jake: Liaise with Kit Team about moving ansible repository to SR GitHub org [#15](https://github.com/srobo/infrastructure-team-minutes/issues/15)
- Peter: Doodle for Doings [#16](https://github.com/srobo/infrastructure-team-minutes/issues/16)
- Peter: email teams about infra team expectations [#17](https://github.com/srobo/infrastructure-team-minutes/issues/17)
