# Infrastructure Team Meeting 2022-09-21

## Attendees

- Jake Howard
- James Seden Smith
- Peter Law

## Topics

### Outstanding actions / urgent issues

- We closed a number of issues that didn’t apply any more.

### Ad hoc topics

#### Documentation platform stuff

  - Trustees are looking to organise a meeting about this, hopefully early next month
  - Maybe suggest to them that the Infrastructure Team take this on (both the meeting and organising the platform)?
  - Peter poked CODEOWNERS to explore whether they’d fit the runbook: _maybe_ is the main outcome. CODEOWNERS is more about review prompts and less about merge control. Likely needs some thought and experimentation though.

#### Suggestion for having a password manager

  - The trustees have one, have they got a charity discount on that?

  - Can you have shared credentials that even the admins can’t see?

    - Sounds like not, at least not for BitWarden

  - Jake has some experience with BitWarden

  - We need to get input from the other teams regarding how many users are likely to use this as if it’s a tiny number this likely changes whether it’s worth us running something ourselves vs just paying for something

  - See [discussion in Slack](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/C02BXUAK33M/p1662719287073249) from last weekend.

### Meeting feedback

We’ve not had a meeting in a while; partly as we’ve missed the last one (or two?)
