# Infrastructure Team Meeting 2022-07-20

## Attendees

## Present

- Jake Howard
- James Seden Smith
- Peter Law

## Topics

### Roadmap

- The committee haven’t reviewed the brainstorm. Suggestion that we hold off on anything here until we’ve had input from the wider teams.

- Shall we get input from the teams about infra?

  - Yes. We sent an email asking for input. Deadline 5th August.

- SR(A)WN: Mention that we’re reviewing & forming a roadmap for infra work.

### Feedback

We reached out to the Kit Committee a while back fo feedback on the last year.
We haven’t had a response.
Since we’re going to ask all teams for input anyway, won’t chase this for now.
