# Infrastructure Meeting 2021-09-17

## Present

- Dan Trickey
- Jake Howard
- James Seden Smith
- Karina Kwiatek
- Peter Law
- Tyler Ward

## Topics

### External comms

- Do we have anything to add to<https://github.com/srobo/volunteer-emails/pull/44>?
  - Action: James: add something about us having this meeting

### Terms of reference

- Not fully defined yet, but hopefully will be soon
- Still awaiting admin access to GitHub G-suite etc

### How often should we meet?

- We probably want a mix of Meetings & Doings
  - try to keep Meetings for general direction and coordination, Doings for more technical things & getting stuff done
- Monthly
- If we do a lot of things as infrastructure-as-code, we can do several things async
- Maybe sooner than a month if we get our terms of reference sorted sooner
- Decide the next meeting at the end of the previous?
  - Good in practice, has some issues
  - Let’s just put things in the calendar, and adjust if we have an issue

### Volunteer _CRM_?

- Would a CRM or similar aid our management of G-Suite and/or GitHub etc.?
- Not sure where this information is right now?
- Could allow us to track when volunteers volunteer (perhaps more useful for less frequent volunteers) that sort of thing
- Perhaps something for an all committees meeting?

### When should we meet?

- Fridays seem to be good for everyone in the meeting; by virtue of the other days of the week being non-doable for some
- Maybe go a bit earlier in the evening? 18:30 perhaps?
- Ideally should poll people not in the meeting to avoid survivorship bias
- Action: Peter: put a Doodle in chat to get input from everyone who might want to come, then set a recurring date in the calendar.
- Try to be async from the all-committee meetings

### What should we do? (Let’s build a backlog)

- A lot of what falls in our remit is things which has historically sat between teams

- What services are we responsible for?

  - G-Suite
  - Mailchimp
  - Github
  - DNS
  - (Website) Nginx reverse proxy
  - Digital Ocean (kubernetes, project)
  - website/docs/etc. in so far as the common platform -- e.g: Jekyll maintenance, GitHub Pages
  - others? We should find out early on.

- Where does userman go?

  - It’s purely for managing competitor users by team leaders, so we’re expecting that it’s a competition team thing
  - Action: Jake: check that the competition team are aware of this

- We’re not intending to run a managed service, but we’re also not a VPS provider

  - Security updates etc
  - Ensure the machines

- We should discuss with the trustees where legal responsibility for user-data on hosted services will end up

  - Do we need to be logging actions taken by users on the machines?

- What needs to be operational this year?

  - Action: Jake: ask the other teams what they’re going to need

### Mythic Beasts

- We know someone who works for the hosting company. They may be able to sponsor our hosting provision.
- We should work out what we want, then get in touch to work out what they can offer.
- This miiight be a recruitment avenue?

### Inventory

- The kit team are using it for at least this coming competition cycle, though the longer term is less well defined
- It might end up under this team; certainly if there are short term improvements we can make they could be valuable


## Action Points

- James: add blurb to volunteer email about us having our first meeting
- Peter: put a Doodle in chat to get input from everyone who might want to come, then set a recurring date in the calendar.
- Jake: check that the competition team are aware of the expected boundary of what the infra team provide on servers/services
- Jake: ask the other teams what infrastructure they’re going to need in the coming year
