# Infrastructure Team Meeting 2021-10-20

## Attendees

### Present

- Jake Howard
- James Seden Smith
- Karina Kwiatek
- Peter Law
- Tyler Ward

## Topics

### Have we had any responses from other teams about what they’ll need?

- We haven’t seen any
- Jake to chase the teams who we think will need things soonish

### Website outage earlier today

- Miiight have been something with Digital Ocean’s load balancer. GitHub pages was working. The error message wasn’t nginx’s stock one.

- Buut, DO report no outages today.

- More access to the DO setup would be good.

- What is our SLA here? How long are we ok for the website to be down for?

- Action: Peter & Jake to put together an SLA for discussion with the trustees

- Action: Peter & Jake check with trustees regarding access in DO

    - Can we grant access to k8s without giving full DO access?
    - Action: James to look into roles/permissions for this

- We’re not going to dig into the exact causes for now, but will if this happens again

### Budget

- This feels in hand, we’re waiting on some final info from the trustees but will submit when that arrives

### What’s the longer term view on SR’s infrastructure?

- Containers vs VMs?

    - Containers can be better, but need to maintain the view of how they fit together
    - There are mid-sized orchestration tools that can help
    - Maybe still want to run groups of related containers together on their own VM? Offers complete control & co-location while still having the isolation benefits.
    - Let’s find a good guide to the technologies we’re using and ensure it’s in web archive

- Bigger picture things:

    - Volunteer CRM?
    - Will there be an IDE in the long term? If not, can we ditch user accounts?

- Can we reduce the need for computer-science type skills in general contributions

    - Use of git, github, markdown (ish) to contribute to the website?

    - Means we might need to move in the direction of (self) hosted services rather than editing in github. Obviously this needs consideration in terms of cost and workload.

    - Contributions to the docs might be a good first thing to explore here?

    - Where can we capture ideas in this space? Maybe tasks repo issues marked as ideas?

    - How can we foster better documentation within software projects?

      - E.g: the kit testing tools had unexpected dependencies

### Short term future of kubernetes

- We agree we want to drop it

- We’re happy to put the nginx config in ansible

- Do we need to use a container for nginx to isolate it from needing full VM access to make nginx changes?

    - Feel that the time cost of this is worth the benefit, since we’d likely want to do this anyway.
    - Probably use Traefik for TLS termination in front of NGINX (both on the same host)
    - Needs a small service to pull nginx config image updates (either webhooks or otherwise)

- Doing this means we can easily get `srobo.org` working too :)

### We should look at what validation we have on our email sendings (DMARC, SPF, DKIM, etc.)

- Think there’s an existing task for this, would be good to pick up at some point

### Future of terraform

- We’re going to have various VMs through the year
- Would it make sense to keep using terraform for DNS etc.?
- Let’s move towards deprecation for now (as we move k8s), but keep an eye on how much manual stuff we’re doing that it could help us with.

## Meeting Feedback

- Happy to keep high level in these meetings
- Capturing topics upfront works well

## Action Points

- Peter: To put together an SLA for discussion with the trustees ([#6](https://github.com/srobo/infrastructure-team-minutes/issues/6))
- Peter: Check with trustees regarding access in Digital Ocean ([#7](https://github.com/srobo/infrastructure-team-minutes/issues/7))
- James: Look into roles/permissions for kubernetes vs Digital Ocean ([#8](https://github.com/srobo/infrastructure-team-minutes/issues/8))
