# Infrastructure Team Meeting 2021-12-15

## Present

- Jake Howard
- James Seden Smith
- Peter Law


## Topics

### Outstanding actions / urgent issues

- Explore a more formal sprint/project planning structure for meetings; haven’t done this

- Explore volunteer offboarding tasks; underway

- Check with trustees regarding access in $HOSTING_PROVIDER; not yet

- Put together an SLA for discussion with the trustees; underway (see [discussion](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/C02BXUAK33M/p1639241512008200) in Slack); Peter will soon be emailing about this (and the next topic)

- Check that the competition team are aware of the expected boundary of what the infra team provide on servers/services

- Investigate mechanisms for auto-deploying services on our VMs? Have some research; maybe needs a dedicated discussion? Jake to continue driving this forwards.

  - Feels like we can layer this on to an ansibled machine afterwards, so that can progress separately.

### External Communications

- Nothing for now

### Ad hoc topics

#### Website is HTTP 1

- Suspect this is to do with Digital Ocean’s load balancing
- Not a big issue for now
- Would be great to think about as part of the new infrastructure

#### Process for requesting infrastructure

  - For example when the kit team ask for Build Pis

  - How should they ask?

  - What information do we need from them?

  - Lightweight is good – e.g: ping `@infrastructure-committee` in `#infrastructure` in Slack

  - But it would be useful to have a visible list of what we need from them, both technically and otherwise; for example:

    - Confirm that they have a budget line for it
    - Level of urgency
    - Spec level
      - Enumerate the things we need to ensure we click the right buttons in Mythic
    - SSH keys for bootstrap access
    - Purpose/name
    - OS
    - Kind of resource (VM, bare metal, DNS entry, etc.)

  - Make them aware that

    - they’re managing it
    - they know how to keep it secure and/or that they need our help with that
    - Maintain some form of config management

  - It would be good for us to set expectations around the turnaround time, both to ensure they’re achievable and to avoid unrealistic requests
  - Runbook feels like a good place to put this
  - Jake to put up a runbook PR

#### Log4j vulnerability

- The IDE hasn’t used Java in a long time
- The tablet app is long dead
- The match scheduler is a local-only application
- There is somewhere a koki android app, but we don’t know where the source is and don’t believe it’s strictly one of our projects

## Action Points

- Jake: Put together guidelines for teams requesting infrastructure ([#14](https://github.com/srobo/infrastructure-team-minutes/issues/14))
