# Infrastructure Team Meeting 2021-11-17

## Attendees

### Present

- Jake Howard
- James Seden Smith
- Karina Kwiatek
- Peter Law
- Will Barber

## Topics

### What's the boundary of our responsibility for hosted things?

Other teams have requested various things from us recently, it would be useful
to know where the boundary is for what we'll do for them.

Proposal: we offer either bare VMs or Docker hosting.

- How involved should we be for security updates/etc?

  - Maybe we’ll install unattended-upgrades before handover, but don’t want to be much more involved than that

- We’re probably going to be involved with code review of their configuration management and/or docker containers, but they need to be driving it

- Bring this up in the next all committees meeting

### How do we get service code updates deployed?

- Something which checks for image updates?

- Webhooks on image updates (from their CI)?

- How do we keep visibility of the deployment (for them)?

  - Run our config management in CI?
  - <https://octopus.com> exists, maybe we could use an off the shelf tool like this?

- Needs more investigation -- Jake to investigate this

### Configuration management

- Ansible seems likely better than puppet

  - It has good ways to share common stuff too
  - Common role might contain users, unattended-upgrades, firewall

- Conclusion: let’s move towards ansible

- Might be worth seeing what we can lift from the Kit Team’s Pi ansible to make the common role

### Volunteer offboarding/(infra) continuity management

- Notably there are services where the owner is no longer an active volunteer
- Companies tend to have leaver checklists. Will that work for us given that people may fade away rather than leaving explicitly? Might still be worth doing this anyway.
- It might also make sense to capture a sheet of services, named owners, teams which use it
- Peter do some of this

### Using this meeting to plan tasks?

- Using this meeting as a sprint planning type meeting; we’re onboard with this
- Needs a backlog & sprint board equivalent though
- Peter start exploring this

### Using this meeting for topic deep dives?

- Not sure about this; feel like topic-focussed discussions may work better on Slack or a mailing list or even a specific meeting

### Reviewing the minutes?

- Can we do this not in code review?
- Incumbent on people to look at the minutes doc during the meeting if so
- Let’s have a persistent final topic of “check the minutes”

## Action Points

- Jake: investigate mechanisms for auto-deploying services on our VMs ([#10](https://github.com/srobo/infrastructure-team-minutes/issues/10))
- Peter: start creating records of volunteers owning services ([#11](https://github.com/srobo/infrastructure-team-minutes/issues/11))
- Peter: explore volunteer offboarding tasks ([#12](https://github.com/srobo/infrastructure-team-minutes/issues/12))
- Peter: explore a more formal sprint/project planning structure for meetings ([#13](https://github.com/srobo/infrastructure-team-minutes/issues/13))
